Use backticks to render URLs etc as monospaced (#159)
AMWA-TV/nmos-discovery-registration: docs/4.1. Behaviour - Registration.md

2. The Node runs an HTTP accessible Node API.

> 3. The Node produces an mDNS advertisement of type '\_nmos-node.\_tcp' in the '.local' domain as specified in [Node API](../APIs/NodeAPI.raml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The Node produces an mDNS advertisement of type `_nmos-node._tcp` in the `.local` domain as specified in [Node API](../APIs/NodeAPI.raml).
```

> 4. The Node performs a DNS-SD browse for services of type '\_nmos-register.\_tcp' as specified in [Discovery: Registered Operation](3.1.%20Discovery%20-%20Registered%20Operation.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The Node performs a DNS-SD browse for services of type `_nmos-register._tcp` as specified in [Discovery: Registered Operation](3.1.%20Discovery%20-%20Registered%20Operation.md).
```

> 5. The Node registers itself with the Registration API by taking the object it holds under the Node API's /self resource and `POST`ing this to the Registration API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The Node registers itself with the Registration API by taking the object it holds under the Node API's `/self` resource and `POST`ing this to the Registration API.
```

6. The Node persists itself in the registry by issuing heartbeats as below.

> 7. The Node registers its other resources (from /devices, /sources etc) with the Registration API. Resources MUST be registered in the correct order, such that a Receiver which references a device_id is registered after that corresponding Device (for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. The Node registers its other resources (from `/devices`, `/sources`, etc.) with the Registration API. Resources MUST be registered in the correct order, such that a Receiver which references a `device_id` is registered after that corresponding Device (for example).
```

Where do we stop...

> (\*) Version v1.0 Flows do not have a device_id and SHOULD be garbage collected based on their parent source_id.

Reviewer: I can't make a suggestion for the lines above this which mention `node_id`, etc.

```suggestion
(\*) Version v1.0 Flows do not have a `device_id` and SHOULD be garbage collected based on their parent `source_id`.
```

Also, somewhere above, it says "version 1.0", whereas here it says "Version v1.0". Which is right?

### Node Encounters HTTP 200 On First Registration

> If a Node is restarted, its first action upon discovering a Registration API is to register its 'Node' resource. On first registration with a Registration API this SHOULD result in a '201 Created' HTTP response code. If a Node receives a 200 code in this case, a previous record of the Node can be assumed to still exist within the network registry. In order to avoid the registry-held representation of the Node's resources from being out of sync with the Node's view, an HTTP `DELETE` SHOULD be performed in this situation to explicitly clear the registry of the Node and any sub-resources. A new Node registration after this point SHOULD result in the correct 201 response code.

Reviewer: Why is the word Node in single quotes in the first sentence?
Should it be `201 Created` with backticks in the second sentence?
What about "a `200` code"??

Author: Node should be unquoted - I'll change.  Not sure about return codes... more recent specs haven't backticked them, but probably they should be.

> If a Node is restarted, its first action upon discovering a Registration API is to register its 'Node' resource. On first registration with a Registration API this SHOULD result in a '201 Created' HTTP response code. If a Node receives a 200 code in this case, a previous record of the Node can be assumed to still exist within the network registry. In order to avoid the registry-held representation of the Node's resources from being out of sync with the Node's view, an HTTP `DELETE` SHOULD be performed in this situation to explicitly clear the registry of the Node and any sub-resources. A new Node registration after this point SHOULD result in the correct 201 response code.

Author: ```suggestion
If a Node is restarted, its first action upon discovering a Registration API is to register its Node resource. On first registration with a Registration API this SHOULD result in a `201 Created` HTTP response code. If a Node receives a 200 code in this case, a previous record of the Node can be assumed to still exist within the network registry. In order to avoid the registry-held representation of the Node's resources from being out of sync with the Node's view, an HTTP `DELETE` SHOULD be performed in this situation to explicitly clear the registry of the Node and any sub-resources. A new Node registration after this point SHOULD result in the correct 201 response code.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Node is restarted, its first action upon discovering a Registration API is to register its Node resource (`/self`). On first registration with a Registration API this SHOULD result in a 201 (Created) HTTP response code. If a Node receives a 200 code in this case, a previous record of the Node can be assumed to still exist within the network registry. In order to avoid the registry-held representation of the Node's resources from being out of sync with the Node's view, an HTTP `DELETE` SHOULD be performed in this situation to explicitly clear the registry of the Node and any sub-resources. A new Node registration after this point SHOULD result in the correct 201 response code.
```

### Node Encounters HTTP 400 (Or Other Undocumented 4xx) On Registration

A 400 error indicates a client error which is likely to be the result of a validation failure identified by the Registration API. The same request MUST NOT be re-attempted without corrective action being taken first.

> A registry MAY issue a 400 code from the `/resource` `POST` endpoint for various reasons, including the following cases. It is not expected that a Node will be able to automatically handle these errors and user intervention could be necessary.

Reviewer: Again here and below, is "400" an integer or a message fragment?

Author: Let's discuss

When performing the initial heartbeat with a new Registration API, a 200 code indicates that the Node and its resources are still present in the registry cluster and no further action is necessary. Future registrations and heartbeats SHOULD be performed against this new Registration API. If a 404 code is encountered when performing this heartbeat, refer to 'Node Encounters HTTP 404 On Heartbeat' above.

Note that in order to achieve efficient failover from one Registration API to another, the Node needs to perform its first heartbeat with the new Registration API within the garbage collection interval following its most recent successful heartbeat. It is therefore advised that Nodes use the heartbeat interval to define their connection timeouts for `/health/nodes/{nodeId}` `POST` requests.

> If a 5xx error is encountered when interacting with all discoverable Registration APIs, clients SHOULD implement an exponential backoff algorithm in their next attempts until a non-5xx response code is received.

Reviewer: (And "5xx" should follow the same policy.)

Reviewer: Let's _not_ add backticks around status codes.
